DM-3652: CL for improvement that allows the lwm2m-agent to be configu… (#2255)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/lwm2m-agent-10-20-362-0-Security-improvement-ignores-predefined-source-ports.md

---
date:

> title: Security improvement to ignore packets from certain source ports

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: LWM2M agent security improvement to ignore packets from certain source ports
```

change_type:
  - value: change-2c7RdTdXo4
    label: Improvement
product_area: Device Management & Connectivity
component:
  - value: component-1KLUzmqfe
    label: LWM2M
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-ggH2M4hf3
    label: lwm2m-agent
ticket: DM-3652

> version: 1020.362.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
version: 10.20.362.0
```

---

> Security improvement for the LWM2M Agent to ignore packets from predefined source ports.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To improve security, the LWM2M agent can now ignore packets from predefined source ports.
```

> To improve security, the LWM2M agent can now ignore packets from predefined source ports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To improve security, the LWM2M service can now ignore packets from predefined source ports.
```
